Update configure-monitoring.md (#102112)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/configure-monitoring.md

## Configure categories

The Azure Functions logger includes a *category* for every log. The category indicates which part of the runtime code or your function code wrote the log. Categories differ between version 1.x and later versions. 

> Categories can be assigned differently in Azure Functions than in other .NET frameworks. For example, when using `ILogger<T>` in ASP.NET, the category will be the name of the generic type. Azure Functions supports injection of `ILogger<T>`, but does not use the generic type name as a category. Instead it assigns categories based on the source as seen by the runtime: 
>  - Log entries related to the execution of a function will have a category of "Function.{function name}".
>  - Log entries created by code *within* a function (e.g. using `logger.LogInformation()`) will have a category of `Function.{function name}.User`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Category names are assigned differently in Functions compared to other .NET frameworks. For example, when using `ILogger<T>` in ASP.NET, the category is the name of the generic type. C# functions also use `ILogger<T>`, but instead of setting the generic type name as a category, the runtime assigns categories based on the source. For example:
 
+ Entries related to the execution of a function are assigned a category of `Function.<FUNCTION_NAME>`.
+ Entries created by user code inside the function, such as when calling `logger.LogInformation()`, are assigned a category of `Function.<FUNCTION_NAME>.User`.
```

## Configure categories

The Azure Functions logger includes a *category* for every log. The category indicates which part of the runtime code or your function code wrote the log. Categories differ between version 1.x and later versions. 

> Category names are assigned differently in Functions compared to other .NET frameworks. For example, when using `ILogger<T>` in ASP.NET, the category is the name of the generic type. C# functions also use `ILogger<T>`, but instead of setting the generic type name as a category, the runtime assigns categories based on the source. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Category names are assigned differently in Functions compared to other .NET frameworks. For example, when you use `ILogger<T>` in ASP.NET, the category is the name of the generic type. C# functions also use `ILogger<T>`, but instead of setting the generic type name as a category, the runtime assigns categories based on the source. For example:
```
Minor edit for grammar.

> + Entries related to the execution of a function are assigned a category of `Function.<FUNCTION_NAME>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Entries related to running a function are assigned a category of `Function.<FUNCTION_NAME>`.
```
MS terminology

For each category, you indicate the minimum log level to send. The *host.json* settings vary depending on the [Functions runtime version](functions-versions.md).

The examples below define logging based on the following rules:

> + The default logging level is set to `Warning` to prevent [excessive logging](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/configure-monitoring?tabs=v2#solutions-with-high-volume-of-telemetry) for unanticipated categories.
> + `Host.Aggregator` and `Host.Results` are set to lower levels. Setting these to too high a level (especially higher than `Information`) can result in loss of metrics and performance data.
> + Logging for function executions is set to `Information`. This can be [overridden](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-host-json#override-hostjson-values) in local development to `Debug` or `Trace` as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The default logging level is set to `Warning` to prevent [excessive logging](#solutions-with-high-volume-of-telemetry) for unanticipated categories.
+ `Host.Aggregator` and `Host.Results` are set to lower levels. Setting these to too high a level (especially higher than `Information`) can result in loss of metrics and performance data.
+ Logging for function executions is set to `Information`. This can be [overridden](functions-host-json.md#override-hostjson-values) in local development to `Debug` or `Trace`, when needed.
```

For each category, you indicate the minimum log level to send. The *host.json* settings vary depending on the [Functions runtime version](functions-versions.md).

The examples below define logging based on the following rules:

+ The default logging level is set to `Warning` to prevent [excessive logging](#solutions-with-high-volume-of-telemetry) for unanticipated categories.
+ `Host.Aggregator` and `Host.Results` are set to lower levels. Setting these to too high a level (especially higher than `Information`) can result in loss of metrics and performance data.

> + Logging for function executions is set to `Information`. This can be [overridden](functions-host-json.md#override-hostjson-values) in local development to `Debug` or `Trace`, when needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Logging for function runs is set to `Information`. This can be [overridden](functions-host-json.md#override-hostjson-values) in local development to `Debug` or `Trace`, when needed.
```
MS terminology
